Jswope00/migrate olx docs (#819)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/olx/getting-started.rst

.. _Getting Started with OLX:

###########################
Getting Started with OLX
###########################

> To develop your course in OLX (open learning XML), edX's XML markup format, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop your course in OLX (open learning XML), the XML markup format for the Open edX platform, you
```
